---
title: Light sensor/ FUZE ROBOTIC ARM!!!
layout: post
author: robert.wallis
permalink: /fuze-blog/
source-id: 185uk62m-WiOZD-Ghx4XSbxzgnc0EJcHcuOHkk_vX_-w
published: true
---
FUZE BOX CODING

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>CODING:</td>
    <td>Light sensor/ FUZE ROBOTIC ARM!!!</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>OUTCOME: </td>
    <td>I started the lesson finally movie away from LIGHTS, and on to a new thing (yay). What the Light sensor did was when you put in the right code and the right things from the electronics components kit then when you ran it a circle would appear and it would change in size depending the amount light is currently exposed to (bigger with more light and smaller with less). But that was a reasonably quick and I got through it quickly and moved on to. FUZE ROBOT ARM!. I had been excited about the idea a robot arm for a two terms and I was ready. To start off with you had to simply type out a shutdown code for when you need to shut it down on short notice, but that was easy. Then the second thing to do was for pretend robot text to appear ("Hello human" and stuff on that regard). Also in that section typed up to be displayed all the controls for the arm if any newcomers needed to know how it worked and how to control it. But sadly I didn't make it on to actually using the arm so I'll have to wait, this is the penultimate lesson blog (unless something is happening on that day which it seems like on every ending week of a term) but either way I have thoroughly enjoyed I.T. the last two half terms and look forward to continuing it. Whenever that is with the whole Theatre studies  thing but any way.    </td>
  </tr>
</table>


